my name is Bob Asha I'm the joint md of
apex digital graphics I'd like to
introduce to you the screen 2055 VI
plate setter this is a visible-light
device with lower-cost features than
many thermal units it's a daylight
working device and today we're running
the Fuji pro-v plate which is a low
chemistry plate newly launched from Fuji
we are able to run this plate in
daylight working conditions as the 2055
is a light type machine behind these
doors is a cassette housed inside the
machine which is holding up to a hundred
be to size plates the 2055 has automatic
slip sheet removal the suction bar goes
to the cassette finds a piece of paper
and will then recognize that its tissue
and will deliver that into a bin at the
back of the cassette the suction bar
then returns to the cassette and then
finds a metal plate that metal plate is
then transported onto this flatbed
suction table where it's delivered and
registered in position the machine then
punches the leading edge of the plate
and then the flatbed with a stepper
motor is then activated and transported
underneath the laser where the plate is
imaged following exposure the plate
travels into the blue amber gumming in
it the new system reduces the amount of
chemistry used in the process by up to
two-thirds
if we take a look inside the machine
will be able to see the simplicity of
its design the plate first travels
through a preheat device and then into
this single dip tank on exit from the
tank the plate is finally dried and
transported into the plate stacker ready
for use on the press the introduction of
the pro v plate has regenerated sales in
the visible light plates at a market so
therefore any screen device with a 60
million watt laser can actually image
this new environmentally friendly plate